A large white building with a big clock tower at one corner.
A couple of people carrying surf boar walk on a beach.
A man is standing on a court with a tennis racket.
Two small baseball players each have on helmets.
A person standing on a surfboard while riding a wave.
A batter swings the bat as the crowd watches attentively.
A young woman poses comically with a piece of pizza in her mouth.
Several different electronic products that are turned on.
A person holding a tennis racket on a tennis court.
A hallway with a small view of a bathroom toilet.
A bathroom scene with focus on the toilet.
A man talks on his cell phone while he surfs his computer.
A white volkswagon has a surfboard on top.
A young skater is boarding inside of an empty pool.
The riders meander down the beach on their horses.
A woman is taking a picture of herself in front of a computer.
A bowl of soup, a pickle, and a sandwich are on a plate.
A young boy standing over a bed next to a dog.
A group of people wearing pink shirts preparing to play tennis.
Two people flying a kite at the beach.
A woman stands with one arm in the air as she holds a tennis racquet in the other hand.
A gag of the camera person of someone climbing there way out of the toilet.
A man in suit and tie is wearing sunglasses.
A group of lawn chairs sitting on top of a beach.
A man in stadium style seats is using a cell phone.
A large port building with a clock tower in it.
A slice of cake and a fork by sliced orange and a guinness.
A clock hanging outside in front of a property.
A man and woman playfully hugging near group of others.
A few people working with colored fabrics in different ways.
A person with their mouth open holding a hot dog.
Career highlight information about robert clemente at a baseball field during a baseball game.
A stop sign stands at an intersection of two streets.
Two apple products with two people lounging behind them.
Man in black blazer pouring wine in glasses.
A cat lying inside a sink with a hair brush, sanitizer and toothpaste on top.
A tennis player getting ready to serve the ball.
A woman serving a tennis ball in a public match.
Kids surfing the waves on their surf boards.
An image of a kitchen setting with formica counter.
A woman in a kitchen with wood cabinets and drawers.
A clock with a horse painting below and two cat pictures on the sides.
A zebra and a rhino are on some orange dirt.
A plate filled with a sub sandwich and some fries.
A woman in a pink hat is on a phone.
The surfing board is on the sand on the beach.
A woman baking a pizza pie in the kitchen.
There are four woman talking at a tennis game.
A table with different monitors on it and keyboards.
A boy hangs up paper kites on a string.
